# Multi Factor Authentication

The `silverstripe/totp-authenticator` module provides a TOTP (Time-based One-time Passwords) authentication solution.

To provide a key, set `SS_MFA_SECRET_KEY` in the environment [per the documentation](https://docs.silverstripe.org/en/5/optional_features/mfa/authenticators/totp-authenticator/#totp-authenticator).

## Configuration

See the `_config/mfa.yml` configuration file for a default setup. To provide your own project configuration overrides:

```yaml
---
Name: app-mfa-configuration
After:
  - '#nswdpc-authentication-boilerplate-mfa'
---
# override as required
```

## AuthenticationHelpPage

This page allows a CMS editor to create a page that will display content for site visitors to read when requiring assistance in using MFA.

### Default content

The default content can be found in `templates/NSWDPC/MFA/DefaultHTMLContent.ss`. This content is loaded into the relevant field in requireDefaultRecords() if the page does not exist. The page is then saved but not published to allow review.

Once the page is created, the default content template is not used. If the page is ever archived it will be recreated on the next `dev/build`

### Options

You can  set the heading value and whether the help content should appear above or below the page content in the `Multi factor authentication` tab of this page.

## Overriding the template

Your theme can supply its own default content and Layout. Add the following templates in your theme and the module will pick these up.

The structure in your theme would be as follows:
```
themes/
    mytheme/
        templates/
            NSWDPC/
                MFA/
                    Layout/
                        AuthenticationHelpPage.ss <-- your own layout for AuthenticationHelpPage
                    DefaultHTMLContent.ss <-- your own default help content

```

Use your own Layout so that content is rendered within your them (e.g using your own container classes)

```
<%-- AuthenticationHelpPage.ss --%>
<div class="your_own_class">
<% include AuthenticationHelpContent %>
</div>
```

## Routing

The path `/mfa_help` will route to the `NSWDPC\MFA\AuthenticationHelpController`
